just pawned off my grandpa's Ashes to
pay for these bits are there two people
who pawned their grandfather's ashes
just bought two guys Grandpa's Ashes to
invest to it I run a porn shop and way
too many people came trying to sell me
earns of their deceased relatives anyway
are you in the earn Market I'm not in
the earn Market you should definitely
take up the earn offer earn stocks are
booming I really think you should invest
earns are not investment that is a type
of container it's not a company I work
for a crematorium I have a ton of Ashes
that was suddenly given to me for
disposal now I really need help cleaning
my ash hle don't say it like that do you
want to invest in my startup we make
solar powered earns no I do not want to
invest in ears I'm going to create a
startup to compete against that other
guy I make quarter power ears why would
you need a waterp powerered earn it's
just a jar this would be cool for earns
earns for gamers